what I'm telling you she went to the
airport she's gonna go for it with Ross
oh my god this is huge this is bigger
than huge this is like all right what's
bigger than huge oh yes yes
you got your haircuts yes yes we did
thanks to Vidal Buffay cuz you know if
you don't look good we don't look good
oh I love that voice oh okay what not
alone Julie just bomb around her oh crap
okay I think she's trying to tell us
something
wait to get the verbs
hoax that's alright eh we got the bags
hi Julie this is my sister Monica this
is Chandler hi mom Joey what up okay
everyone this is Julie oh hi hi
but I'm not here you haven't met me I'll
make a much better first impression
tomorrow when I don't have 20 hours of
cab and plane on my bus
oh my god with the screaming guys you
gotta hear this story we're on this bus
that's easily 200 years old
200 in these and this guy the chicken
poops in her lap
oh I'm so sorry I just gave away the
ending didn't I oh it's just I just
heard this story in the cab and it's all
I can think this is amazing I mean how
how did this happen well Ross and I were
in grad school together but we haven't
seen each other since then well I land
in China guess who's in charge of the
dig Julie I mean isn't that just
kick-you-in-the-crotch spit-on-your-neck
fantastic
it's an expression
we just wanted to say a quick hi then
we're gonna go see the baby and then
we've got to get some so yeah it's
really six o'clock tomorrow night our
time
okay well listen don't tell us what's
gonna happen though cuz I like
hey Rach gonna get some coffee yeah sure
thank you
hey Rach can I talk to him yet No then
no so what the hell happened to you in
China I mean when last we left you you
were totally in love with you know I
know I know I was but there's always
this little voice inside that kept
saying it's never gonna happen move on
you know whose voice that was God it was
new pal well maybe it was God doing me
look you were right okay she looks at me
and sees a friend that's all and then I
met Julie and and I don't know what
having a great time and I have to say I
never would have gone for it with her if
it hadn't been for you well you owe me
one big guy here's your lemonade
I didn't order lemonade oh well then you
better go take that back cause they're
gonna charge you for that look go go go
go go come on come on okay so uh what
did you find out he said he's he said he
said they're having a great time I'm
sorry but the silver lining if you want
to see it is that he made this decision
all by himself without any outside help
whatsoever how is that silver lining you
have to really want to see it